[fs] Layout migration (#1065)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: wiki/Layout-component/Layout.md

<br />[Back to top](#wiki-wrapper)<br /><br /><br />

### 2. Children 

`required` `container`

The children property allows the adopter to place their content within the correct column to be laid out. The direct child `HTML`/`JSX` provided gets the column styling. For example if you choose a 2 column layout you will need 2 child wrappers, or 3 columns you will need 3 child wrappers. See the code examples below.

###### Examples

![layout](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3793636/122071996-d372e480-cdbc-11eb-8242-38eaee8d583f.gif)

```html
<!-- Here is an example where you’re using **two** columns. -->

<Layout type=“4-12”>
  <div>{content for column 1}</div>
  <div>{content for column 2}</div>
</Layout>

<!-- Here is an example where you might have **four** columns. -->

<Layout type=“4-4-4-4”>
  <div>{content for column 1}</div>
  <div>{content for column 2}</div>
</Layout>

<!-->
    Note that `4-4-4-4` layout is not an option at this time.

    Also, notice how each column has a corresponding child.
    You could also optionally leave off a column from right
    to left if you don’t need it for a given layout.
 </-->
```

> > ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3793636/117873641-a6835d00-b265-11eb-8433-8c9c73a2e999.png) Note the code examples above maybe react specific, but the functionality should stand across any language with how it relates to being built out.

Reviewer: As a non-dev I might suggest changing "across any language" to "across any framework", when I first read it I thought of language = translating to different geographies.

```suggestion
> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3793636/117873641-a6835d00-b265-11eb-8433-8c9c73a2e999.png) Note the code examples above maybe react specific, but the functionality should stand across any framework with how it relates to being built out.
```

Author: I just removed the whole thing. Confusing, and blurring the line between technical documentation.

<br />[Back to top](#wiki-wrapper)<br /><br /><br />

### 3. Nested 

`optional` `boolean`

The nested option allows a given layout to sit comfortably within the [[Carbon 2x Grid]] allowing everything to continue to line up properly.

###### Logic

|     | condition          | description | |
|:----|:-------------------|:------------|:-|
| 3.1 | `nested === true`  | If nested is `true` do not include the `.bx—grid` so it can be nested within [[Carbon 2x Grid]]. Everything should still align properly. |  |
| 3.2 | `nested === false` | If `false` render it as a normal [[Carbon 2x Grid]] including the `.bx—grid` | `default` |

###### Example 

![layout--nested](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3793636/122094807-2e630680-cdd2-11eb-898d-9bb8c9301b1d.gif)

<br />[Back to top](#wiki-wrapper)<br /><br /><br />

### 4. Border

`optional` `boolean`

> The optional border is displayed at the bottom of the [[Layout]] providing a visual indicator for a change of topic.Typically used when nesting the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional border is displayed at the bottom of the [[Layout]] providing a visual indicator for a change of topic. Typically used when nesting the component.
```

###### Logic

|     | condition          | description | |
|:----|:-------------------|:------------|:-|

> | 3.1 | `border === true`  | If border is `true` then the pattern’s border at the bottom should render. |  |

Reviewer: Do we want to reference "pattern" here? I'd guess this is carry over from when we called layout component's patterns?

```suggestion
| 3.1 | `border === true`  | If border is `true` then the layout component's border at the bottom should render. |  |
```

Author: ah, great catch. I've been trying to get all of these old pattern references.

> | 3.2 | `border === false` | If border is `false` then the pattern’s border should NOT render. | `default` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3.2 | `border === false` | If border is `false` then the layout component's border should NOT render. | `default` |
```
